README.md, before:

# lendix

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application that follows the
[simple app state management
tutorial](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/simple).

For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

## Assets

The `assets` directory houses images, fonts, and any other files you want to
include with your application.

The `assets/images` directory contains [resolution-aware
images](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/ui/assets-and-images#resolution-aware).

## Localization

This project generates localized messages based on arb files found in
the `lib/src/localization` directory.

To support additional languages, please visit the tutorial on
[Internationalizing Flutter
apps](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/accessibility-and-localization/internationalization)

Commit message:

Add license and update readme

README.md, after:

# Lendix

A Flutter app to track items you borrowed from or lent to your friends.  
This app was created for my final project of Harvard University's CS50 certificate.
The name (for the lack of a better idea) is a portmanteau of the words `lending` and `index`.

The project code is structured by feature.

## Description

### Why Flutter?

[Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) is a framework for cross-platform app development, which
currently has one of the biggest (if not *the* biggest) communities. Personally, after
having worked with [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/) professionally for the past
couples of years, I preferred Flutter to React Native for my side-projects not just
because of the [Dart](https://dart.dev/) programming language.

### The Idea

Having moved recently, I could not find a couple of books and DVDs of mine. I could not
remember in which box I put them or whether I have lent them to any of my friends. Thus,
the idea for this app was born. I wanted an app, which assists me in keeping track of
the items I lent to my friends, so I would not have to remember it myself.

## Localization

This project generates localized messages based on arb files found in
the `lib/src/localization` directory.

To support additional languages, please visit the tutorial on
[Internationalizing Flutter
apps](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/accessibility-and-localization/internationalization)

## License

MIT
